mysteries of vernacular venom the
poisonous fluid secreted by animals like
snakes and scorpions typically
transmitted by bite or sting as vile as
the word is now the history of venom
begins with the pleasant indo-european
root when which meant to desire or
strive for perhaps not surprisingly when
also generated a number of amiable
modern words like win or wish when is a
form of the original root was tailored
to the mythology of the time and applied
to the Roman goddess of love Venus known
to the Greeks as Aphrodite and to the
Egyptians as Hathor from this milieu
over more the word winners nom emerged
meaning love potion over time when as
nom became venom a word that
specifically described potions or
medicines that evoked intense physical
reactions from the patient the
definition of venom eventually narrow to
refer solely to poisonous concoctions a
shift that puts us within striking
distance of the word under investigation
a bit of shortening and a slight
distinction in source brings us to venom
a deadly fluid that comes from a snake
rather than a pharmacist